docs: Updating WinUI options with Uno Platform (#9331)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uwp-vs-winui3.md

# WinUI 3 and Uno Platform

> WinUI 3 is the [next generation of Microsoft's Windows UI library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/winui/). It succeeds the UWP XAML framework as Microsoft's actively-developed native UI platform for Windows. WinUI 3 supports Windows Desktop apps through [Windows AppSDK](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/project-reunion/).

Reviewer: nit: the "project-reunion" url now points to the "windows-app-sdk" url. Might as well use the new url in-case the re-route is ever removed in the future

```suggestion
WinUI 3 is the [next generation of Microsoft's Windows UI library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/winui/). It succeeds the UWP XAML framework as Microsoft's actively-developed native UI platform for Windows. WinUI 3 supports Windows Desktop apps through [Windows AppSDK](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk/).
```

> WinUI 3 is the [next generation of Microsoft's Windows UI library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/winui/). It succeeds the UWP XAML framework as Microsoft's actively-developed native UI platform for Windows. WinUI 3 supports Windows Desktop apps through [Windows AppSDK](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/project-reunion/).

Reviewer 2: Consider removing "en-us" locale from links to let docs.microsoft.com redirect the user to page with the appropriate language for the user.

Author: Thanks will do.

#### Do you use 3rd-party libraries?

> Evaluate 3rd party offerings from 3rd party vendors for UWP and WinUI. While 3rd party vendors have offerings for both, UWP has been in the market longer. From Uno PLatform perspective either will work, or if not, contact us at our Discord channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While 3rd party vendors have offerings for both UWP and WinUI, UWP has been in the market longer. From Uno Platform perspective either will work, or if not, contact us at our [Discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/eBHZSKG).
```

I'm not sure I understand the use of this section though, since we are moving make WinUI the default target, should we be leaning more towards pointing people to 3rd party offerings for WinUI?

Author: For now I wanted to edit existing content. You raise a good point, we may need do add another section to address the WinUI/WCT components too.

#### Do you want to use .NET 5 or 6?

> WinUI 3 applications using the Win32 application model can use .NET 5 and latest C# versions right now. MIcrosoft has announced they will not invest into moving UWP to .NET 5 or later. However this does not change anything for Uno Platform users, as described in this [blog](https://platform.uno/blog/recent-uwp-and-net-5-net-6-news-and-uno-platform-plans/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WinUI 3 applications using the Win32 application model can use .NET 5 and latest C# versions right now. Microsoft has announced they will not invest into moving UWP to .NET 5 or later. However, this does not change anything for Uno Platform users, as described in this [blog](https://platform.uno/blog/recent-uwp-and-net-5-net-6-news-and-uno-platform-plans/).
```
